PROHIDRATE H2O
OUR PRODUCT
 
ProHidrate is top quality alkaline water containing minerals and electrolytes that introduces NEXT LEVEL HiDRATION.
Our water is subjected to a reverse osmosis process in which pressure is used to push water through a semipermeable membrane carbon filter, to create “pure water”.  In the process, contaminants like arsenic, un-wanted bacteria, lead and fluoride are removed from the water.  We understand that the drawback of reverse osmosis water is that it can significantly reduce the good minerals that can aid overall heart and muscle health.  Our solution?  After the reverse osmosis process is completed, we add essential minerals, potassium and electrolytes to the water, resulting in water that hydrates the body, supports a healthy immune system and taste great.
 
OUR PHILOSOPHY
 
At ProHidrate, we guarantee satisfaction with highest standard of integrity, quality and service.  We promise to go above and beyond to ensure our clients are happy and feel like family.
The ProHidrate Philosophy is to create a positive customer relationship using our five core values:  INTEGRITY, ACCOUNTABILITY, PASSION, QUALITY and AMBITION.
1. Integrity – Morals and Principals
2. Accountability – Responsible for all actions
3. Passion – Committed to customer relations
4. Quality – Presentation
5. Ambition – Strong desire and determination to succeed
We plan to develop relationships that create a notably positive difference in the live of others.  We understand that our customers and community are the lifeline our company and our relationship with them will become the measure of our success.
 
OUR PRICING
 
We make bi-weekly or monthly deliveries at your convenience to your home and place of business in San Diego, CA, Phoenix, AZ and Las Vegas, NV.
 
NO POSTAL DELIVERIES AT THIS TIME.
 
You can purchase water by the case, by the palette and by the half palette.  There are 24 bottles (20 ounce) bottles in a case, 60 cases per pallet and 30 cases per half pallet.  Check out our competitive pricing.
* $20.00 per case for up to 2 cases
* 	
* $18.00 per case for up to 8 to 10 cases
* Wholesale prices are available with purchase of more than 10 cases with proof of Employer Identification Number (EIN).
* NOTE:  Purchase of 10 or more cases must be ordered by phone
 
OUR STORY
 
Kenny King and Roy White have been friends for over 40 years and as business partners, they’ve created a product that represents their friendship and brotherhood….pure, healthy and strong.
 
These days, almost all water starts with contaminants.  That’s why Kenny and Roy wanted to use the reverse osmosis process of removing all impurities to represent their childhood and up bringing.  They recognized some of the impurities they faced growing up in the neighborhood they was raised in.
The reverse osmosis process uses pressure to push the water through a filter so that all impurities are caught and removed.  Kenny and Roy felt that same pressure from certain obstacles they had to endure within their surroundings, pushing them to do things they figure they had to do to survive but eventually they became responsible young men with families – families who acted as filters – capturing, separating and removing all impurities from their lifestyles.
But it didn’t stop there.  Once the water is filtered, minerals and electrolytes are added for health, hydration and a pure crisp taste.  Similarly, Kenny and Roy continued to seek wisdom, by learning as much as they can, analyzing their experiences and putting their knowledge to the test.  Just as the minerals and electrolytes are added to the water for improved wellbeing and flavor, Kenny and Roy seek continuous growth in wisdom and knowledge to enhance their professional development and life-long learning.
 
Therefore, ProHidrate is about more than providing high quality water to promote good health and fitness.  It’s an opportunity for two men to provide a positive customer experience and understanding to their communities and the rest of the world.
It is the strong relationship these two men have forged with one another that inspires them to build new relationships that make a positive difference in the lives of others, treating customers like family.